R4R: Reintroduce Fees OR Semantics (#3555)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/gaia/gaiacli.md

Validator's have a minimum gas price (multi-denom) configuration and they use
this value when when determining if they should include the transaction in a block
during `CheckTx`, where `gasPrices >= minGasPrices`. Note, your transaction must

> supply fees that match __any__ of the denominations the validator requires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supply fees that are greater than or equal __any__ of the denominations the validator requires.
```
